Doc reorg: Continuous Integration (#2150)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: docs/continuous_integration.rst

Continuous Integration

> ======================

Reviewer: I don't like the way this top-level CI page is structured right now. It makes the section about MetaCI look like the most important thing to read about CI, when it's actually more of a side note about one particular system you might use to run CumulusCI for CI purposes.

I think we need an overall introduction about the topic of CI: defining what it is, emphasizing how CumulusCI makes it possible to run the same automation that is used by devs/QEs/customers within the context of a CI system, and explaining how there are various different systems you could choose for running CI (i.e. github actions, MetaCI, CircleCI, others...)

Then link to the other pages about CumulusCI Flow and github actions, but I think I would write a paragraph about each one to contextualize what info is there and who would be interested in it, rather than just listing out their outlines in a ToC.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   cumulusci_flow.rst
   github_actions.rst

MetaCI
------
The Salesforce.org release engineering team, which built CumulusCI, also maintains a CI system called `MetaCI <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/MetaCI>`_.
MetaCI is an open source app built to run on Heroku, and is designed specifically to work with CumulusCI and Salesforce.

> However, MetaCI is a bit complicated to set up and operate, so this recipe aims to provide a simpler alternative that can work fine in many cases.

Reviewer: This is no longer on the same page as "this recipe" (which was the info about github actions)

Continuous Integration
======================

The "CI" in CumulusCI stands for "continuous integration." Continuous integration is the practice of automatically running a project's tests for any change before that change is merged to the ``main`` branch in the repository. Continuous integration also configures the repository so that changes are merged only if the tests have passed. This practice keeps the ``main`` branch in an error-free state where it can be released any time.

> Teams can put in significant effort to create bespoke automation for CumulusCI tailored to their project's needs. When created, the automation is available to all project participants, from Developers and Quality Engineers, to Documentation Writers and Product Managers. CumulusCI takes this reuse of automation one step further by letting it run in the context of CI systems like GitHub Actions, CircleCI, or Azure Pipelines. This consistent reuse of automation from local environments to cloud-based CI systems gives teams the ability to develop, test, and deploy their projects with confidence.

Reviewer 2: "From Developers and Quality Engineers, to Documentation Writers and Product Managers"

Is it standard to write all job titles in caps?

Reviewer: Not sure, but I doubt it.

CumulusCI Flow
--------------

> CumulusCI Flow is the process by which Salesforce metadata is developed, tested, and deployed to our customers. It is similar to the GitHub Flow with a few tweaks and additions. To learn more about which CumulusCI flows are best designed for CI builds, branching and merging strategies for repositories, generating product documentation during project initialization, and more, see `CumulusCI Flow<TODO>`_.

Reviewer 2: I added more detail to each of these examples. Please confirm that they are correct.

CumulusCI in GitHub Actions
---------------------------

> GitHub Actions specify custom workflows that run directly in your GitHub repository. These workflows perform a variety of tasks, like running test suites, performing linting checks on your code, and creating code coverage reports. CumulusCI makes GitHub Actions even more powerful by letting you leverage the custom automation defined in the ``cumulusci.yml`` file, and execute it from within your custom workflows. This feature gives you the discretion to spin up a scratch org, load in your project's metadata, and execute Apex or Robot tests against the org.

Reviewer 2: "letting you leverage the custom automation"

I don't fully understand "to leverage the custom automation" in this context. Is there a better way to explain it?

Reviewer: This is just saying that if you've configured a flow in cumulusci.yml to set up an org when you run `cci flow run` locally, you can also use the same flow in GitHub Actions.

To learn more about sample workflows, the secrets that require configuration, and more, see `GitHub Actions<TODO>`_ .

MetaCI
------

> The Salesforce.org release engineering team that built CumulusCI also maintains a CI system called *MetaCI*. MetaCI is an open source app built to run on Heroku, and is designed specifically to work with CumulusCI and Salesforce. Setting up MetaCI is an involved process that requires experience working with apps on Heroku and CumulusCI.

Reviewer 2: What does MetaCI do? Why is it helpful to those using CumulusCI? Who is the audience for it? We don't have to go all out, but we need a few more details here.

> The Salesforce.org release engineering team that built CumulusCI also maintains *MetaCI*, a specialized lightweight CI server for building Salesforce projects from GitHub repositories using CumulusCI flows. MetaCI is an open source app built to run on Heroku, and is designed specifically to work with CumulusCI and Salesforce.

Reviewer 2: Listed at "Release Engineering team" in Managed Package section. Note to self to capitalize this.

Reviewer: Also I would take out "lightweight"; I don't think that's very accurate.

> Setting up MetaCI is an involved process that requires experience working with apps on Heroku and CumulusCI. To learn more about MetaCI and how to run it with a project, see `MetaCI <https://github.com/SFDO-Tooling/MetaCI>`_.

Reviewer 2: Added more details to this section. Please confirm.

Continuous Integration
======================

The "CI" in CumulusCI stands for "continuous integration." Continuous integration is the practice of automatically running a project's tests for any change before that change is merged to the ``main`` branch in the repository. Continuous integration also configures the repository so that changes are merged only if the tests have passed. This practice keeps the ``main`` branch in an error-free state where it can be released any time.

Teams can put in significant effort to create bespoke automation for CumulusCI tailored to their project's needs. When created, the automation is available to all project participants, from Developers and Quality Engineers, to Documentation Writers and Product Managers. CumulusCI takes this reuse of automation one step further by letting it run in the context of CI systems like GitHub Actions, CircleCI, or Azure Pipelines. This consistent reuse of automation from local environments to cloud-based CI systems gives teams the ability to develop, test, and deploy their projects with confidence.

CumulusCI Flow
--------------

> CumulusCI Flow is the process by which Salesforce metadata is developed, tested, and deployed to our customers. It is similar to the GitHub Flow with a few tweaks and additions. To learn more about which CumulusCI flows are best designed for CI builds, branching and merging strategies for repositories, generating product documentation during project initialization, and more, see `CumulusCI Flow<TODO>`_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CumulusCI Flow is the process by which Salesforce metadata is developed, tested, and deployed to our customers. It is similar to GitHub Flow with a few tweaks and additions. To learn more about which CumulusCI flows are best designed for creating scratch orgs, running CI builds, managing the development process, and more, see `CumulusCI Flow<TODO>`_.
```

CumulusCI in GitHub Actions
---------------------------

> GitHub Actions specify custom workflows that run directly in your GitHub repository. These workflows perform a variety of tasks, like running test suites, performing linting checks on your code, and creating code coverage reports. CumulusCI makes GitHub Actions even more powerful by letting you leverage the custom automation defined in the ``cumulusci.yml`` file, and execute it from within your custom workflows. This feature gives you the discretion to spin up a scratch org, load in your project's metadata, and execute Apex or Robot tests against the org.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
GitHub Actions specify custom workflows that run directly in your GitHub repository. These workflows perform a variety of tasks, like running test suites, performing linting checks on your code, and creating code coverage reports. CumulusCI can execute flows in GitHub Actions, making it possible to run scratch org builds and execute Apex and Robot Framework test passes leveraging the custom automation defined in ``cumulusci.yml``.
```

To learn more about sample workflows, the secrets that require configuration, and more, see `GitHub Actions<TODO>`_ .

MetaCI
------

> The Salesforce.org release engineering team that built CumulusCI also maintains a CI system called *MetaCI*. MetaCI is an open source app built to run on Heroku, and is designed specifically to work with CumulusCI and Salesforce. Setting up MetaCI is an involved process that requires experience working with apps on Heroku and CumulusCI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Salesforce.org Release Engineering also maintains a continuous integration system called MetaCI. MetaCI is an open source app built to run on Heroku, and is designed specifically to work with CumulusCI and Salesforce. MetaCI's advantages for CumulusCI-based development processes include:

- Easily configure CumulusCI flows as CI builds.
- Scale efficiently up to 100 parallel builds without reserving permanent capacity.
- Expose CumulusCI flows through a web UI for users to create scratch orgs. 
 ```
